[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So other cool functions
here that we're not really discussing,
we talked a little bit about CSS.
That one just allows you to get and
set our CSS values, right?
I'm wondering what color
is this div right now?
I can ask, what is your color?
It will give that back to me.
Or I can say, make your color orange.
That, you would use CSS for that.
HTML is very, very similar to text.
The only difference is, if I give strong,
this is cool end strong tag,
HTML will actually honor that HTML, right?
So you can actually feed it like HTML
strings and it will render it like HTML.
If you use text, it will actually
literally just print out your tags for
you.
>> Brian Holt: .show and .hide,
it's exactly what it sounds like.
If you wanna show something on a page,
or if you wanna hide it on a page,
you used to use show and hide.
>> Brian Holt: .addclass and .removeclass.
So, for example, if you have a class
like this div is now emphasized,
you can add an emphasis div.
And then once they change their
emphasis to something else,
you can remove the emphasis from one and
then add the emphasis to another, right?
So you can dynamically add and remove
styling and classes and stuff like that.
Really useful.
And then .append.
So, up until now we've been
doing text about HTML which
destroys whatever is in there and
then sets the new text.
If you actually want to add to
the bottom of it, you can use .append.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Back to the .show and .hide,
what does hide actually do?
>> Brian Holt: It sets its display
to none.
So it uses CSS to hide it.
There are ways to actually
remove things completely,
like if that's what you're
interested in doing.
I would say nine times out
of ten that's unnecessary.
Just doing display none is fine.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
and all this stuff is in
the jQuery docs as well, so.
Let's go to the next slide.
jQuery is just ginormous, right?
Like, there's tons and tons and
tons of facets to jQuery.
It has 300 functions, it's just huge.
So, if you wanna know like how to hide
a div in jQuery just put into Google,
jQuery how to hide a div.
And you're going to find, seriously
probably like six pages of valid answers.
Just because everyone uses jQuery, and
everyone's always asking questions about
it, so everything that you want to know
about it is very, very well documented.
So you have Stack Overflow
is top notch for jQuery.